Week 2/27
 Learning Responsibility
  My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. It wasn't a difficult job, and it wasn't really a very interesting job. My best friend had a more exciting job.  Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00 a.m. I couldn't be late. Dressing neatly and professionally was an important part of the job. Because first impression is a important part of treating people. If a people looks dirty maybe you will think is this place’s staff ok, or a waitress yell at you loudly what will you think. Every day I helped customers find clothes, and I kept the store neat and clean. Thanks for the hard work of every day. Now on weekends I like to sleep late. My parents' house was very clean, too. I used the cash register and handled credit cards, so I had to be very careful. These things all taught me responsibility. Now I work in a research laboratory. Every day .I answered the phone and opened the mail. All of them are talking science research. The frustration about research make feel, Maybe a lab assistant is a good job for me . I don't work with clothing anymore, but I still use that important skill I learned in my first job, also thanks for the experience I work with clothing I learned how to choose and order new clothing.
a. . . . . . .I answered the phone and opened the mail.  (connected)
b. ......... On weekdays I did my homework for school.  (unconnected)
c. ......... I once worked delivering pizza, too.  (unconnected)
d. ......... I learned how to choose and order new clothing.  (connected)
e. ......... Dressing neatly and professionally was an important part of the job. (connected)
f. ......... A lab assistant is a good job for me. (connected)
g. . . . . . In the future, I would like to take some business trips. ( unconnected)
Hospital
1) Betty: Oh, my god, Alexis. How’s your dad?
Alexis: He's still unconscious. It was a massive heart attack.
Daniel: Alexis, the doctor wants to talk to us. Hey, thanks for coming.
Betty: Of course, Daniel,...
Daniel: It means a lot to me to have you here. 
Man: Of course.
Betty: Is he just ignored me how can he do tht.
Betty: Although I do lie to him. But……
Mode- Betty’s desk
4) Betty2: You lied?
Betty: I had to. Wilhelmina caught me breaking into her apartment to steal the book. 
Betty2: Whoa, wait. You broke into an apartment and stole something? 
Betty: Look, I was just doing my job.
Betty2: What's happened to you? I mean, you've changed. I barely even recognize you - except for the braces.
Betty: Well! You are just the same as me! 
Betty2: No! I’m not you , Betty is confident people. She will never steal anything or lied.
NBA 2016 draft
  As a small forward Brandon ingram has a pretty good height 206cm also he got a long arms his long arms make his shoot is hard to block or even obstruction ,his body makes as think of Kevin Durant, long shot range great ball control so he can shot the ball in the face of defender, this data are all like Kevin Durant ,but his body is not as strong as Kevin Durant as a small forward this is a deadly weak point for him.

Week 3/06
Presents given Presents received
Present given
Where did you meet her
Is this your pen
In English, some questions have a rising intonation.
Do nto put a question mark after an indirect question
Present received
Where her meet you
Isn’t this pen your
In English, some questions have a rising inflection.
The indirect question below has a rising intonation.
Mark Twain quote
“If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.” 
― Mark Twain
Ugally Betty
From the short film we can know ms.Meade but Wilhelminais very interesting in his money even think using her body to seduce ms.Meade but she didn’t success however now ms.Meade can’t stay in this world too long and knowing that ms.Meade is going to give his money to the charity,so they want to change the will so that they can get the money but Wilhelminais’s assistant mistaken ,he think charity is a person ,so he think they need to kill that person so that finally they can get the money.
will Karl-Antony Towns be the next NBA superstar
  when Karl-Antony Towns enter the NBA every says he got the center’s body size but his skill is like a shooting guard or point guard ,from the game we can see that his shooting can  from 3pt to mid-range also he has a pretty good low post skill,also he can directly attacking the ring ,his all around is everybody can see .
  let’s look at his data as a rookie in NBA last year he got 18.3 points 10.5 rebounds 2 assist and 1.7 blocks per game also his steal has 0.7each game this data let him get the rookie of the year also his data dosen’t  lose to those top 10 greatest rookie , and now this year he got 24.2 points 12.3 rebounds 2.8 assist 0.6 steal 1.4 blocks his progress is apparently maybe he is going to be the next NBA superstar. 


Week 3/15
Recipe: The Best Parmesan Chicken Bake
•	2 tablespoons olive oil
•	2 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped
•	1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, or to taste
•	6 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
•	2 cups prepared marinara sauce
•	1/4 cup chopped fresh basil
•	1 (8 ounce) package shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
•	1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided
•	1 (5 ounce) package garlic croutons
•	Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
•	Coat the bottom of a 9x13 inch casserole dish with olive oil, and sprinkle with garlic and hot red pepper flakes.
•	Arrange the chicken breasts in bottom of the dish, and pour marinara sauce over chicken. Sprinkle basil over marinara sauce, and top with half the mozzarella cheese, followed by half the Parmesan cheese. Sprinkle on the croutons, then top with the remaining mozzarella cheese and remaining Parmesan cheese.
•	Bake in preheated oven until cheese and croutons are golden brown and the chicken is no longer pink inside, about 35 minutes to an hour, depending on the shape and thickness of your chicken breasts. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of a chicken breast should read at least 160 degrees F (70 degrees C).
•	Franz Kafka
•	Betty 
•	From the previous film we know that because Betty was trying to help his father so she steal something ,but now because of the argument between her boyfriend her boyfriend think she is kind of bossy but her boyfriend’s word make will not t make her better because nobody will be happy after that kind of word.
•	In this film we know Betty went into Bradford’s office to got the will so we know they are already in the office now but happenly  they met Wilhelmina who is also looking for the will ,so they have a little argument ,also from the argument maybe we can guess Henry is kind of Obsessive-compulsive disorder every time we say the wrong word he always correct us.
Who is the going to be the first round first pick in 2017 NBA draft
This year’s NBA draft is going to be very interesting ,since high school a lot of player is already being attention by a lot of NBA team ,it is predict that many player is going to be superstar like Lebron James or Dewayne Wade now in the nbadraft.net it predict that Boston Celtics will select Markelle Fultz in first in the first round first but everything is unpredictable maybe Celtics didn’t got the first overall pick maybe they doesn’t want to select Markelle Fultz , but it is say that Markelle Fultz can do free throw line dunk ,in NBA history not a lot of people can do that all I know is Michael Jordan Julius Irving, from that we can know he has great body , everything will know in this year’s June.
week 3/26
Place
French philosopher Descartes once said: I think so I am , In here my meaning is that I don’t have specific favorite place , everywhere if I can do the thing that will make me happy then that place is the favorite place to relax , for example I like novels once I read novel a feeling comes to my heart , that’s the feeling of happiness and that make me feel relax or tv game maybe the favorite entertainment for man that also make me feel relax
  ,so my favorite place is the place that can do  the thing make me happy.
Charles Dickens
Charles Dickens is a famous British writer that is most of the people know maybe some of us even didn’t know about him ,his terrible childhood makes me think about if we all like him :only 12 years old and forced to work  at a boot-blacking factory alongside the River Thames.
 I don’t know what exactly that work is all about but most of us are under the protection of our parents ,we don’t know the hard life in this world ,maybe is because the hard life of his childhood that make him so successful when he grows up.
Betty
1. When we are old most of the our child will face this problem ,should we that our parnets go ,that’s a hard question ,if we that him/her go they don’t have to suffer anymore but if we don’t  they hesitate around hill, obviously Ms Bradford’s child is facing this problem.
The high score in NBA
  In the history of NBA the highest score is wilt chamberlain he score 100points in a game but now a twenty years old player score 70 points in a game he is Devin Booker the last years Round: 1/ 13th overall  pick and he is the six th man in the NBA history that can score 70 points in a game ,the latest time score over 70 points is Kobe Bryant ,he score 81 points in 2006 ,unfortunately he loss the game  130-120 loss to Boston Celtics ,he 70pts 8rebounds 6 assists 3 steal 1 block and 5 turnovers ,his losing to Celtics cause him face a problem he is to purpose to got the score to get the record ,but his young and talentive maybe will make him a superstar.

week 3/29
Adjectives
Tim Duncan is a former NBA great player , as a center he is very tall and very handsome because in NBA most of NBA player look very old , contrary in NBA he is apparently handsome , since he enter NBA he is one of the very best player in his first year, after he got injury he can jump as high as he used to and also can run as fast as the old time but he still use basic ball skill retain his high level performance , as a result he was named “big       fundamentals ” as his nickname ,as a basketball player his career was successful he got five championship in his career, as a result he is one of the greatest in NBA history and was named “the greatest power forward” in NBA.
English children’s story
The Apple Tree and the Farmer
Once upon a time, there lived a farmer in a village, beside a forest. He had a big garden that had an old apple tree and other plants, When the farmer was a little boy, he spent much of his time playing with the apple tree. However, as time passed, the apple tree became old and stopped bearing fruits. Now that the farmer was not getting any apples from the tree, he decided that the tree was useless. Therefore, he decided to cut the tree and use its wood to make some new furniture. He felt that since the tree was old and huge, he did not have to cure it, and it would make great furniture. He forgot that as a boy, he had spent his entire childhood climbing the tree and eating its apples . When the farmer took his axe and began chopping the tree, all the little animals came rushing down. They all began to plead with the farmer. They gathered round the farmer and said, “Please don’t cut the tree. We used to play with you when you were small, under this very tree. This is our home and we have no other place to go”. The farmer, however, forgot his childhood and his animal friends. He began to chop the tree harder. All the little animals became desperate, and wanted to protect the apple tree at any cost. All of a sudden, he noticed something shiny. On inspecting it, he realized that it was a beehive, full of honey. He took a little and put it in his mouth. The taste of the honey woke up the little boy in him. Suddenly, the memories of his childhood came rushing back. The honey tasted so good that he wanted more. It brought a sense of happiness to him. He smiled and exclaimed, “This tastes amazing.”
Moral: Each and every living thing in nature is of some use: we should not destroy any living thing.
BETTY
Henry using intercom talking with Betty “Can we please get out of here? Because I am really starting to lead L’Amanda on.” Betty “hang on Henry,I just need few more second . I need to leave a strongly worded note to that jerk Marc.” Betty using the pan on the desk am write down something :”Mark ……………….” Henry “okay ! i will do my best .” on the other side the intercom show some voice from L’Amanda.

week4/12

1.How do movies, television or video games influence people's behavior? 
  i think movie ,television an video game influence younger generation a lot . it affect our life and our behavior. for example when we met someone never meet before and we want to know each other better so we talking about something we are all interested in,them this thing usually are about  movies, television or video games, as the time go through more happy time we have and finally we become friend . Not only making friend with other in one movie or film a movie famous word comes out of a character’s mouth maybe whole summer or vacation we talk about it .
  TV show is a part of our daily life probably very night we will infront of it ,since we are kid we watch cartoon animate or something else thanks for the teaching lesson of TV we absorb some wrong information of it . Some wrong news or some dirty word from soap opera,  maybe you will say we are all adult we can understand what’s good or bad but it’s not that simple day after day our behavior will change after all.
  Even something can happen by the influence of this stuff now in this world there are some bloody game the major thing in this kind of video game is killing virtual people , but some people can’t understand what’s real or virtual game finally they do what happen in video game in actual world.
   movies, television or video games now is our daily life we can’t stop this but we need to do our best to distinguish what’s is bed or good for us.
2. Haruki Murakami
  since i was little i always think about why we born in this world , we have to die eventually so why we born that’s something we will never know but since we are here we have to enjoy this world , create some memory,and finally you leave this world with no regret.

B10407150 張庭豪(Devin)

/