This is the page for JackieBlog!
_2_responsibility
 
Learning Responsibility
My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. It wasn’t a difficult job but quite boring actually. Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00a.m. and couldn’t be late. During my working time, I not only helped customers find clothes, by which I learned to choose and order new clothing, but also answered the phone and checked the mail. What’s more, I must keep the store neat and clean. When I used the cash register and handle credit cards, I had to be careful. According to myself, dressing neatly and professionally was an important part of the job. These things all taught me responsibility. Though now I don’t work with clothing anymore, I still use that important skill I learned in my first job. 


Women should be independent instead of relying on men. When a man is all of a woman’s life, she will loose self-respect and her own life. A woman with great attraction is the one who can control her own time and feelings. She may have her job, her hobbies, her independent thoughts to the world and her friend circle. L’Amanda agree with this, so when Betty said she was fired, L’Amanda thought she could have a chance to be Henry Grubstick’s new girlfriend because she herself has a job. 


Automobili Lamborghini is an Italian brand and top manufacturer of luxury sports cars. Meanwhile, it is one of the symbols of European luxuries. It’s logo, a powerful, attacking bull, not only matches Lamborghini’s functional characteristics of power and high-performance, but also demonstrates the features of challenging and arrogant of this uniqueness car. The first supercar in the world was produced by Lamborghini in mid 1960s. It was famous for its delicateness, great function and comfort. In 1966, Miura of Lamborghini was soon well-known for its MR layout and rear-wheel drive, which later became the standard configurations of each supercar. Besides from pursuing speed, Lamborghini attaches great importance to making breakthroughs of the visual effects. In 2013, Lamborghini launched a new concept car, Egoista, which means selfishness that this car is only produced for the owner’s ultimate pleasure and will make no compromise. After 50 years’ difficulties and challenges, Lamborghini is still full of energy and indomitable momentum. 


_3_present

1.	I have received a box of my favorite cartoon character, no-face man, as a souvenir for my birthday. My friend thought for a long time about what kind of birthday present should be more unforgettable. Then she chose five kinds of souvenirs, including a lamp, notebooks, badges, a wallet and a little mirror. Then she put all of them in a box and gave me as the birthday surprise. It was my 7th birthday that we spent together and the present was witness to our friendship. It’s not expensive but I love it not only because it’s my favorite cartoon character, but also because of my friend’s good will.
2.	
1) When all else fails, write what your heart tells you. You can’t depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. 
2) The worst Curliness is not to be comfortable with yourself. 
3) A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shinning but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
4) Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter.
5) Wisdom is the reward you get for a life time of listening when you would rather have talked. 
3.	A charitable organization is a type of non-profit organization(NPO). The legal definition of charitable organization varies according to the country and in some instances the region of the country in which the charitable organization operates. The regulation, tax treatment, and the way in which charity law affects charitable organizations also varies. 
4.	My favorite author of mysterious novel is Keigo Higashino from Japan. He was born in 1958 and is 59 years old now. He served as the 13th president of Mysterious Writers of Japan from 2009 to 2013. Actually, his original job is an engineer and he quit his job subsequently at age 27 to start his career as a writer in Tokyo. In 2006, he won the 34th Naoki Prize for The Devotion of Suspect X. And the English translation of the Devotion of Suspect X was nominated for the 2012 Edgar Award for Best Novel. What’s more, he writes not only mystery novels but also essays and story books for children. The style of writing differs from his novel, but basically he does not use as many characters as in his novels. 

_4_recipe

Jackie F10510032

1.	 
1)	Recipe: 
2 eggs
40g brown sugar
40g white sugar
230g cake flour
5g baking soda
2.5g salt
25g walnuts
25g chocolate beans
25g pistachio
25g almond
2)	    Italian nuts chocolate pretzel is a homely snack in Italy families and is not hard to DIY.  First, using a whisk, mix the eggs, brown and white sugar to a smooth paste and look a little bit white. Then sieve the cake flour and baking soda and add them to the egg liquid. Next we can stir all of these together with walnuts and chocolate beans. After flattening the paste, an important step is to put it in the cold storage for an hour. Take it out for 30 minutes’ bake with 150°C. After cutting into small pieces, the final step is putting them into the oven for another 10 minutes’ bake with 160°C. Then delicious Italian nuts chocolate pretzel is OK to eat.

2.	 
When you go striding down the long streets, when you leave your mobile phone at home instead of bring it out with you, when you forget the information and news from the internet that disturb your thinking, when you stop aftertasting every detailed mind, no matter happiness or annoyance, when you focus on the trees beside you, when you see the bird flitted across the leaves, when you hear the sound of the howl of the wind, when you think about the existing and mind of everything in the world, when you have gotten away from your family totally, then you, grow to your true stature.  

3.	
The Fugitive is a famous American action-thriller film in 1993. It is a story about Dr. Richard Kimble, who escapes from custody and sets out to prove his innocence while pursued by a team of U.S after being wrongfully convicted for the murder of his wife. The Fugitive was a major critical and commercial success. It was the third-highest-grossing film of 1993 domestically, with an estimated 44 million tickets sold in the US. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture as well; and the lead actor Jones won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. 

3)
Pokémon go is a very popular AR game now and the core part of the game is to find and catch the wild elves. To find a wild elf, firstly, your device will remind you by vibration when an elf is beside you or you can attract the elves by some props such as an incense. Another thing worth mentioned is that some elves only appear in specific environment or climate. After you find an elf exists and you like it, you have several chances to catch it. However, there are some probabilities that it will escape. So you should use some fruits props and high-level balls to catch them. Next, when the elves have been caught, you can name them and arrange them to the road museum to fight.  

_5_place

1) 
I have lived in an interesting homestay in Shantou City, Guangdong Province for a four-day trip, which left me a deep impression. It is located in one of the streets in the old city and also looks retro from the outside. Though not very big, the interior design is a surprise. I felt comfortable when I saw the wooden furniture, bar counter and the tatami in the living room because they make the place more like a home than a hotel. A very fat Scottish fold was lying in the little garden and it was so cute. Our room is No.7, which can accommodate 6 people. Small still, but the decorations are really sweet, such as the flowers in the bathroom, animal-shape bed lamps and the grass green curtains. Besides the environment, people lived in different rooms also went out, communicated and played games together. We even watched movies on the big screen together until 2 a.m. Living in that homestay was a totally different experience from living in normal hotel. I can not only enjoy the comfortable environment, but also know more friendly people and native culture here. 

2) 
	It was on of those old buildings where the plum trees put forth their blossoms and the leaves fell: when it is winter for most living beings, and summer for the only corner. 
	I looked at the clothes in the wardrobe, and consider how strange women could be when they face these countless, expensive and colorful clothes as they were going out in the morning, and felt they don’t even have a piece of clothing to wear.

3) 
	We find ourselves hard to talk to our closet friend or family sometimes. It may be something embarrassing or something makes us guilty. We even prefer to tell it to strangers, maybe net friends or sport friends met in the gymnasium. From one aspect, we don’t want our closet family or friends know what we actually did, which may damage our image or hurt them. From another aspect, it may be so hard to acknowledge that we have misunderstood others or have done some stupid things especially to our family or friends. However, if we pour these things down to a stranger, he doesn’t know who you are, and has far less opportunity to spread this to your life circle. All we need is somebody to talk to and make ourselves feel better.

4) 
Though buyers are getting more cautious, scams on B2C platform are getting more and more serious and frequent now. The cheats have gathered into small or big organizations and have a complete fraud chain which make buyers extremely hard to guard against or even maintain their legal right. Take Taobao, the biggest B2C platform in China for example. There are some scams such as, the sellers change your order price if you pay your order late, fraudulent credit card, and use other paying method instead of Alipay to kite. Some of these ways will steal your personal information or even the password your credit cards, some will effect the way your returning of goods or refund. These scams exist in many online shops that buyers may not recognize all of them and it’s really a danger to buyers’ property safety. 


_6 person

1） 
Donald John Trump is an American with several different identities, including businessman, television personality, politician, and the 45th President of the United States. As a businessman in real estate, he is so rich that he was in the top 500 of Forbes list of billionaires. He is very clever, adventurous, and also has the gift of doing commerce. In his college time, he was considered as a humorous and well-connected man. However, he is also considered arrogant no matter when he is a merchant or the President. He named most of his house property after his name, Trump, and boasts of himself usually. But the most important personality is that, he is good at speaking and he owns a power of persuading. People can be quickly infected by his prospect and mood and turn into crazy support. Because that he is really a man full of controversy, the public evaluation goes into two totally different extreme. 

2）James and the giant peach
Up until this time, he had had a happy life, living peacefully with his mother and father in a beautiful house beside the sea. There were always plenty of other children for him to play with, and there was the sandy beach for him to run about on, and the ocean to paddle in. It was the perfect life for a small boy. 

3) look me in the eyes
    Look Me in the Eye is a New York Times bestseller by John Elder Robison, which tells a touching story. It’s about how Robison grew up as a misfit in the 1960s, at a time when the Asperger syndrome diagnosis did not exist in the US. The book describes how Robison learns to fit in, without actually knowing why he was different. Because of his crazed mother and neglectful and abusive father, Robison’s situation became even more complicated sometimes. However, Robison is really a born storyteller, he has written a moving, darkly funny memoir about a life that has taken him from developing exploding guitars for KISS to building a family of his own. Though sometimes alien, the story is still deeply human. 


4） 
    On April Fool’s Day in 2017, more large companies join in the queue to fool the public by release news about new products or service. Want want milk of China, announced that a new product with increased amount, 8 liters, was coming to the market soon, which turn out to be a joke of April Fool’s Day. Zhihu, declared that it would publish a new service, top news of tomorrow. The product instruction says that 16.7% of the users will promote their appearance, meanwhile, 85.7% of the single users become off the market in one week. It’s definitely a joke. What’s more, Huxiu News released a news on WeChat Official Account saying that for the reason of great deficit, the company had to move away from Beijing. The declaration was written so poignant that has created great confusion and discussion. All in all, in a business time, these jokes are all be carefully planned and is for the publicity and test of the new products. 


Opinions
1) 
	If you ask me, I will prefer preparing and eating food at home in my leisure time. Home-made food is generally admitted as cheaper and healthier than food in the food stands and restaurants. We choose the ingredients in the market or supermarket or other stores by ourselves without dealers, so we save money in this link. Also, we know whether fresh or not the ingredients we bought are because we see it with our own eyes. While food pairing outside may not fit our demands, we can choose every single thing we want and even make our own recipes. That helps us absorb multiple kinds of nutrition. What’s more, cooking is almost a kind of art to me that I enjoy the process very much. Even though I cook alone, I can try different cooking methods like stewing, frying or roasting. After finishing cooking, I will also give the dish a better appearance by panning or else ways. If not so busy that don’t even have a time for cooking, I am firmly in font of cooking at home. 

2) 
	When I am in the week full of exams, my mind is like the mutable weather in April. Sometimes I will be really exciting like the bright sunny day, sometimes I will feel frustrating and anxious like the sudden heavy rain. 


