This is the page for JaxBlog!
Exercise 1：

Learning Responsibility
      My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00 a.m. I couldn't be late. I answered the phone and opened the mail，I helped customers find clothes. And I kept the store neat and clean，dressing neatly and professionally was an important part of the job. I used the cash register and handled credit cards, so I had to be very careful. These things all taught me responsibility. Now I work in a research laboratory，a lab assistant is a good job for me. I don't work with clothing anymore, but I still use that important skill I learned in my first job.

Do not forget the beginning of the heart was always
The nature of the person is good, this is the content of the three characters. The baby is always pure at birth. When we are young and kindly cute, in the process of growing up, gradually become secular and indifferent. Ugly Betty in this scene, much like my mother taught me the scene.When I was a junior high school student, I feel that their wings hard,and I do not obey my mother's teachings.My mother don't let me play the game, I secretly play. In many things.I deceive my family. Encountered many elders also feel trouble and pretend to turn a blind eye. The polite me was gone, and became a selfish, indifferent me. Mom taught me, just like the last Betty taught the now Betty. Do not forget the beginning of the heart was always, do not be the reality of the brutal change their kindness.

Why I most like swimming
My favorite sport is swimming, because swimming is good for myself. First of all, swimming can make the body evenly slim and energy metabolism increased. Second, swimming can increase lung capacity, improve the ability of the respiratory system. Swimming can also improve cardiovascular function. Swimming water temperature below the human body temperature, it can make our body temperature regulation ability. Swimming is the most harmless movement of the joints, but also for some deep muscles can have a certain strengthening effect. So my favorite sport is swim.

Exercise 2：

Presents received
To be honest, my best present which I received was a waistband by my ex-girlfriend.
This gift is when I received in the freshman.And this day is my birthday.I and my ex-girlfriend is off-site love, birthday that day she can not rush over.So she received me this waistband.Although now we have broke up,but I although keep this waistband, because I think it is a precious commemorative. Up to now I'm still using it,as she is still around me.

All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence,I think this sentence is my favorite sentence. I am very agree with this point of view.
For the understanding of this sentence, I think people need to maintain a pure heart.I am deeply aware of this sentence.When I was a child, I don’t understand the world, and I don’t know a lot of rules, so I do things will not have excessive fear.
As I grew up, understand a lot of affair, I understand a lot of rules, and I do things like a child is not as full of spirit, but I gradually began to cringe.I lost my courage, an I am feeling the distance farther and farther away.
So I really want to back the time when I was young, and keep ignorance and confidence.

Don’t hesitate
In many cases, hesitation will make you regret for life.Just like “I love you”,many people are embarrassed to say that exports.This “I love you” contains love for people who love, but also contains the child's affection for the elders, or parents of children's love.Because this little hesitation, you may love people and others in love, it may be because of this little hesitation, did not come and said the words, the other side can no longer hear.Hesitation will make you miss a lot of things and lose a lot of things. So do not hesitate to take advantage of the moment, it will not leave regret.

Sleep
I think sleeping is the most important thing in a lifetime.Why do I say that?
Sleep is to eliminate physical fatigue, make up for a day of tired wear.Sleep is the main way to eliminate physical fatigue.Sleeping can protect the brain and restore energy.Sleep can also enhance immunity, rehabilitation of the body.Modern medicine often sleep as a treatment, used to help patients through the most painful period, in order to facilitate the rehabilitation of the disease.Sleeping can promote growth and development.Some people are not high because the gene is not good, but too little sleep. For example, me.Sleep is important to protect people's mental health and to maintain normal mental activity.Sleep less people think about the problem will be a big loophole.
So sleep is the most thing for us.

Exercise 3：

Vinegar soaked potato wire
Vinegar is a very delicious and easy to do Chinese homemade dishes. Is my favorite foods. But also one of my few will do a few dishes.The steps are as follows.
First make the potatoes peeled and cut into filaments, and then, we will cut the potatoes several times through the cold water, rushed to the starch, and then remove, drain the water.Next put the oil in the pot, be sure to heat the oil, and then into the pepper, fried out after the scent of pepper, broke the smell, followed by immediately add potato silk, stir fry a few times.The last step, such as potato silk into a translucent, add appropriate amount of white vinegar, salt, and then quickly stir fry a few, stir well.Finally we are ready to enjoy our delicious  vinegar soaked potato wire. 

When I was a kid
When I was a child,the life was very happy.Don’t worry about the homework is not completed, and don’t worry about the results are not good enough.When the sun rises, there will always be adults told me to get up.I didn’t oversleep the trouble, and don’t worry about class late.When I want to eat, my parents will try to meet me,will take all the delicious what I want to eat.When I want to rest, my parents will arm around me to sleep and give me humming songs or tell stories.When I feel lonely now,I always think of a child's happiness.
Respect the wishes of others
We need to respect the wishes of others. Why I would say that? Because I think respect the wishes of others is to do a person's basic qualities.The respect between people is mutual.
If you want to be respected by others, first you need to respect others. Perhaps some people will not respect you, it is only because of those who are poor quality.
Respect for others is the embodiment of their own quality. Perhaps inadvertently, because your little respect will get everyone's approval, so that they can get more and better opportunities.Perhaps because of your respect, in some collective activities, we will take the initiative to consider you, and do not need you to express what.
So we have to learn to respect the wishes of others.

Dream to speak
I think it is a very fun thing to Dream to speak.The last funny thing happened when I came to exchange the third week.During the day I talked with the roommates about the Taiwan earthquake and typhoon.In the evening, the roommates all went to sleep,and I’m the last to go to bed.I sleep in the upper berth,  and when I go to bed, the bed was shaken by me.Then my roommate under my bed shouted the earthquake.I feel it is too fun. So I shaken again,and I find he is very anxiety in his dreams.
Now,I’m also the last people to go to bed, and I listened all kinds of word in his dream

Exercise 4:

1.A relaxing place
I think the West Lake of Hangzhou is a place where people can relax.In the last summer, I went to Hangzhou to study.At the weekend, I have time to went to the West Lake.I sat in the boatman insisted on the small wooden boat in the lake rippling.The sun shines on the water looked sparkling and the breeze blows through my face.I sat with my eyes on the boat and listened the story of the West Lake by the boatman.And my hand stretched into the West Lake,felt the West Lake in the summer to bring me a trace of cool.Let me the tired heart become relaxed.

2.(1)The weather in June is like a newborn child,perhaps a second before is smile,but perhaps the next second would cry.
(2)Love is a light, it’s so wonderful and it’s guiding us to the desired future.

3.Memento
Everyone has a memorable thing in mind, may be human or may be something. People remember them when they are usually through mementos.Mementos are people's sustenance of a particular person or thing,have a special meaning.Souvenirs can bring people power, from a special point of view to the power and hope.A mementos is a spiritual sustenance that can be preserved for a long time.It will help us remember what happened to have a memorable thing, to prevent us once the memory of the passage of time and gradually disappear.Memento is a important thing.

4.I am a boy who loves spicy food. Why did I say? Because if the food that I eat is not spicy,I maybe couldn’t eat a lot.Every time I go to the hotel to eat,when the waiter asked me which taste I want to eat,I always say the most spicy taste.No matter where the restaurant.And sometimes,those restaurant is the most spicy food I still feel no taste.I often eat alone,because I eat is really too hot, and they can not eat.This is me, a super can eat spicy boy.

Exercise 5:

Jax
I love Jax, because Jax is myself. I think Jax is a very kind person, because Jax often help others. If others need Jax, Jax almost not refuse.In this touch the porcelain means endless society,Jax still stick to see the old lady will come forward to help.Jax will try to meet everyone's request, because jax is a person who will not refuse.If Jax has a happy thing, then he will give their friends to share.


Charlotte's Web
Charlotte's web never looked more beautiful than it looked this morning. Each strand held dozens of bright drops of early morning dew. The light from the east struck it and made it all plain and clear. It was a perfect piece of designing and building. In another hour or two, a steady stream of people would pass by, admiring it, and reading it, and looking at Wilbur, and marveling at the miracle.


Accompany
Accompanied is essential elements by our life.Family companions or friends are very important to accompany.If a child doesn’t have his parent's companion when he needed,maybe have a bad influence on his growth.For adults,accompanied is the power to support their lives.If have companion,the live will have hope.Companion is the most lively confession.Let us spend more time with others.


How to clean the white shoes
There are many ways to clean up white shoes.First,don’t take detergent to wash shoes.Because the detergent will remain in the shoes, so that shoes turn yellow.The detergent to used brush bowl is a very good choice.If the shoes soak for too long to lead yellow shoes. Don’t worry, squeeze some toothpaste and smear on the surface of the shoes.And then put it in a cool dry,the shoes turned white.

Exercise 6
Video games
Video games can make people have a great change.For example,Uzi is an ADC of EDG team,the video game give the life what he want.He has become a world famous ADC from an unknown youth.And video games make many players rekindle morale by the athleticism.But the video games is a bad thing for me.When I was a junior high school student,my academic performance get low and low.Because I play games every day,and cause me don’t want study.I think the influence of video games to people depends on themselves.If the people don’t indulge,the video games can make people have a good change.

When I do something what I like,I'll be as deep as a nail.But when I do something what I don’t like,I’ll like the wind free to float.

Exercise 7
1.A woman find a policeman because her had a traffic accident.Her baby cried because this traffic accident made feel fear.In order to comfort him,so his mother holds him in her arms.Then the policeman asked her the reason about this traffic accident.The woman said because a bull suddenly crossed the road,and her prevent hitting the bull,so her car out of control.Finally,the policeman record all content.
2.I think The Gift of Man Ray is a very great artwork. He denies the original function of the iron.And put a row of nails in the middle of the iron.With their own point of view to do a new interpretation. He relatively simple addition of tacks transforms a useful device into a destructive one.
3.We can not just bind ourselves to our profession.Because if we can only be limited to their own professional,we will be hard to survive.Because the world's population is too much.We may not happen to be able to meet exactly the chances of our own professionalism.So we need to learn more, and break the professional restrictions.Because we only have the ability to do better to seize the opportunity.
4.I think pepper is very important to me,because I really like to eat it.If a meal is not pepper,I may have no way to eat all the food.Because if there is no pepper will be very affected my appetite.
Another reason that peppers are important to me is that I do not eat chili from acne.I do not know why either,other people are eating chili will play acne.So I must eat food to keep my face is clean.Pepper is very important to me
