This is the page for MaggieBlog!

responsibility
(1)My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00 a.m. I couldn't be late. I learned how to choose and order new clothing. I helped customers find clothes, and I kept the store neat and clean. I used the cash register and handled credit cards, so I had to be very careful. These things all taught me responsibility. Now I work in a research laboratory. I don't work with clothing anymore, but I still use that important skill I learned in my first job.
(2)The woman sat at the reception called L’Amanda, just like A-manda , the girl who normally sat there. L’Amanda asked Beety was she the girl dated with Henry Grubstick and talled her she called him Sugarstick.. L’Amanda liked Henry Grubstick very much and thought he was sweet 
(3)Plan Your Sleeping Time
Sleep is important to everyone. Especially for students major in architecture. There are always lots of work to do. Stay up all late is usual to them. As the result, they need to plan their sleeping time. The way you sleep short but get the most energy. When you get the hang of it, you can do your job great and be healthy too.

presents
(1)Presents given
Who did you give it to?  my friend
When did you give it?  When her 18th birthday
Why did you choose this present?  18 is the age become adult and wine has the meaning of it
What did your friend or family member think of the present you gave? 
I think she enjoy this gift., maybe she is a drunkard.
Presents received
Who gave it to you? My friend
When did you receive it? My 12th birthday
Why did someone choose that present for you? It’s useful.
What did you think of the present? I think this is exactly what I need, and I still using it till now.
I think a useful present is the best present. I got a pencil case by my friend when I was 12. It has accompanied me for seven years. I use it everyday and bring it to everywhere I go. It becomes a sign of me.  And every time I  use it, I will think about the friend who gave this perfect gift to me.  A great gift can help someone keep memory of you. Pencil case is the best example. I have expressed how my passion for pencil case, but one is enough. Don’t use it for a present all the time!
(2)Mark twain quote
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
(3)Cable company is not a good excuse when you get caught in others house. 
(4)Raining Taipei
Taipei is a raining city, and many people come from south don’t like the weather here. But as a citizen of Taipei, I enjoy the rainy weather. The city washed by rain become soft, rain gives Taipei another look. When I was a child I love raining day so much, I can jump into the puddle on the road and got all my body wet. The impression of rain deep keep in my heart. I will always remember this raining city.

recipe
(1)How to make a delicious pancake. First combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Second, whisk egg and butter into milk. Then put them all together, and stir until lumps are gone. Next, heat the skillet over medium heat. Pour batter onto the skillet and cook until bubbles appear on the surface. Flip the pancake and cook until surface turn brown. Then you get a wonderful pancake.
(2)When people start wearing shorts, when flowers start blooming, when animals become enthusiastic, it means that spring is coming.
(3)Yoga is not a good fugitive. She always hides at the place easy to find. And find bad excuse when she got caught. 
(4)Night market
Taiwan has the culture of night market. Every city has its own night market, even in small city. You can find lots of thing you want in a night market. There are some processes I’ll do when I go to a night market. First, I’ll fill my stomach. Stinky tofu, pig blood cake, bubble milk tea, you can find all the delicious food in a night market. Second, when you get full, it’s time to go shopping. Night market offer lots of stuff and you can buy in low price. After satisfied with food and clothes, go home and enjoy my sleeping.

place
(1)When I feel depressed, I would like to go some places and let bad emotion away. The first place I think of is Jiufen. Jiufen is a beautiful mountain town located at north Taiwan. It features of remained Japanese culture and buildings make along the mountain. The food there also attract lots of tourist. I love jiufen because of its breathtaking scenery. You can see both mountain and sea at the same time. The sea is blue, the mountain is green, and my frustrated fade away when I see this place. I love jiufen so much. It’s the place make me pure, just me and this wonderful mountain town.
(2)The smiling face just like shining sunshine in winter.
The night stay up late is a monster devour our spirit.
(3)Some emotions exist but hard to say. Daniel loves his father but he didn’t know how to express his feeling. He can only tell him “I love you” when his father in coma.
(4)Travel in Taipei
I’m a native Taipei citizen, but in my 19 years’ life lives in Taipei, there are still so many place I didn’t visit. I think I have to travel all over this city. I plan my schedule, and find travel companion. When there is idle time between class, we jump on the bus and start the trip. I go to place I have never been, and take picture to record. I wish some day in the future I can step all the ground of Taipei.

person
(1)Emma Watson is one of my favorite actress. I fond of her not only because of the movie she acted but her behavior and personal character. I first know about her because of the movie Harry Potter. She played the role Hermione Granger. My first impression of Hermione Granger is a girl with crazy brown curl hair. But as the movie develop I found that she is a bright and strong girl. I think Emma Watson is similar to Hermione Granger she is also smart and try to defend herself. That’s why I become a big fan of her.
(2)THE TALE OF PETER RABBIT
HE found a door in a wall; but it was locked, and there was no room for a fat little rabbit to squeeze underneath.
An old mouse was running in and out over the stone doorstep, carrying peas and beans to her family in the wood. Peter asked her the way to the gate, but she had such a large pea in her mouth that she could not answer. She only shook her head at him. Peter began to cry.
(3)Some love can make people strong. Claire want to see her husband even with the risk of catch in jail. People in love can do things we can’t predict. Something hurts themselves can’t stop them searching love.
(4)Sleep in Winter
I think winter is a lovely season. Many people don’t like winter, because of the cold weather. I love winter also because of this cold weather. It’s a good time to sleep when outside is cold. On the weekend in winter I can even sleep till afternoon. The bed is so warm that you can’t go away from it. Another reason I like to sleep in winter is that there are no mosquitoes in winter. Mosquito is a big culprit that disturb your dream. That’s why winter so suitable to sleep.

opinion
(1)Some people prefer to eat at food stands or restaurants.
I think restaurant is a good choice when you want to eat different kind of food.
You can easily find different flavor food restaurant in Taipei, Korean style、Japanese style、Chinese style…there are so many options. You can eat them without take plane. My favorite flavor food is Thai food. I like Thai food very much but it’s hard to make by myself, so I go restaurant when I want to eat Thai food. I really like to eat at restaurant, you don’t have to worry about that eat all the same every day.
(2)Like a tide erosion the coastal, every step you lose something, but maybe the next step you got a pearl in a mussel. No one can predict what’s the next.



   
