This is the page for SabinaBlog!
1.
Learning Responsibility
Exercise 1：
My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00 a.m. I couldn't be late. I answered the phone and opened the mail，I helped customers find clothes. And I kept the store neat and clean，dressing neatly and professionally was an important part of the job. I used the cash register and handled credit cards, so I had to be very careful. These things all taught me responsibility. Now I work in a research laboratory，a lab assistant is a good job for me. I don't work with clothing anymore, but I still use that important skill I learned in my first job.


2.
[1]
 (It means a lot to me to have you here.)
Two people together to do the most things, is to accompany. I do it for you, you dry you, there are two or three hours of evening golden time, they are exclusive. But you know there is another person sitting in a space there, you feel very practical - this is the so-called "personal space." Although the two or three hours they are in their own world, but the difference is, accompanied by another person around.Life of love, not a vigorous love, nor is it a promise and oath. But when everyone left you, only he was in silence to accompany you. When everyone is appreciative of you, only he is holding your hand, mouth up, as if proud to say, I knew. 


3.
Don’t argue.
Don’t argue. Don’t argue with parents; they will think you don’t love them. Don’t argue with children; they will think themselves victimized. Don’t argue with spouses; they will think you are a tiresome mate. Don’t argue with strangers; they will think you are not friendly. You wish to persuade each other through the argument, but you are wrong, the argument never let each other convinced; you lost a friend, set an enemy; you lost a chance to learn, and more exposed their own shortcomings.




Exercise 2：
1. My father and I wanted to give my mother surprising birthday presents. In the morning we went to the shop and bought a big cake. Then we went to the market and bought some food that mother liked very much. After getting home, we began to prepare our presents. Father went into the kitchen to prepare a big meal while I went into my room to make a birthday card. I painted three rabbits the largest one is grazing, the other two in a tree under the happy to play. To tell you the truth, it was my family because all of us born in the year of rabbit. It was almost 12 o'clock. The delicious food on the table made my mouth water. Everything was ready. We seated ourselves at the table, waiting for my mother. When we heard the sound of opening the door, we hid behind the door and cheered, "Happy Birthday!"

2. A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is still putting on its shoes.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
  
3. （you may never have gotten his love or approval. But, at least you got his jawline.）
Honorable parents, respect for elders, is the life of the points. Filial piety parents from the following details: the courtesy of the parents, the door greeting. Parents do something for you, say thank you; if you do wrong, should be sorry. Parents if they are working. understand their hard work, their own more independent, good learning, life, do not let parents worry too much. Do your own thing. Do not let parents too tired. Parents are happy, love things, do more, and then their meaning. If occasionally unable to control, the parents made a temper, after the parents must solemnly apologize! Respect for parents, not only the traditional, etiquette and other aspects of respect, but also to accept the parents of the way of doing things. If involved in their own things, parents put forward their views or dissent, should be euphemistically explained, there is a business, for a consensus.

4. The dictionary is a live teacher. First, we learn to communicate with people through the dictionary. Secondly, through the dictionary, I can understand the different countries around the world. Finally, the dictionary is an indispensable item in life, because you will always encounter words you do not know.

Exercise 3：

1.Fried Chicken 
Materials: chicken, flour, water, salt, pepper
First, cut chicken into block, put into a container, add salt and pepper, mix them. Second: Mix flour and water into paste, than make chicken covered with paste. Third: Put the chicken into burning oil. When it turn golden and yellow, remove it into a dish. 
The delicious fried chicken is finished.

2.When the mountain lost its angular,When the rivers donot flow,When the time stop, can't tell the sun or moon,When everything disappear,I just can't let you go .Your smile is the biggest cherish in my life .When the sun never come,When the earth donot turn,When all seasons stay the same,When trees and flowers all die,I just can't lose you.You smile is the biggest cherish in my life.

3. Respect the wishes of others
    Read the "The Analects" to see their own mistakes, feel the gap. "The Analects of Confucius" warned us, whether for friends or leaders, must maintain a certain distance, master the pro-sparse sense of proportion. In this sense, distance and independence are a respect for personality, and this respect should be preserved even among the closest people. To be equal and rational attitude to respect for each person, stay a little between each other, there is little room.
    I am on this issue should be a good reflection of their own. Because of their own shortcomings, often happen to make themselves and others are uncomfortable things, some kindness, counterproductive, really because of my extreme enthusiasm caused by. Seriously study how to change their behavior, is a long process, and constantly improve their own accomplishment, do everything, so that their enthusiasm to be moderate control, without losing enthusiasm and degree, like Zen recommended Of a realm, called "flowers are not full moon no garden".
    Treat relatives and friends, are so. Slightly stay a little bit, get the tend to be a brighter future.
4.I am going to introduce you to my favorite scrambled egg with tomato.
first of all,prepare four tomatos and three eggs,pour oil into the Pan while stirring the egg liquid into the Pan.when eggs are finished,put it into the bowl,then add some oil into the Pan and put tomatos into the Pan and fry it until tomatos become jam and put the egg cake into the Pan and mix up with tomato juice.for 2 minutes,the dish is finished.
Exercise 4：
1.	I think Rizhao is a funny city. First of all, Rizhao as a coastal city, has a beautiful sea and beach. Every year tens of thousands of people come from all over the world to visit here. Secondly, sunshine has a lot of delicious food. Such as seafood barbecue and pancake fruit, pancake rolls onions ... and then the Rizhao people are very warm and hospitable, come here to experience the customs is also a good idea. Finally, sunshine has three precious things: sunshine green tea, black pottery sculpture, peasant painting. Each of them is very interesting. I like them very much. I like this funny city.
2.	Over time, the four seasons of the wind diffuse through the past, through the dust, quietly do not make any sound, light lean Xuan window, see the glass time, in the years of silence, out of a touch of charming fragrance.
Spring Iraqi people, spring rain. I drunk in the spring, indulge in the most beautiful season, like spring flowers blooming like life fragrance, illuminating the dream of the future.
3.	The dog is the best friend of mankind. First of all, the dog is the earliest domesticated animals, can help people hunting and grazing. Second, the dog's temperament is more moderate and very useful, it has been regarded as the highest status of livestock. At the same time, most people have a good impression on the dog, we are willing to dog. So dogs can accompany our lives and become our friends. Finally, the dog is now out of life for the sake of consideration, and the dog is called the human friend, because it is the earliest domestication of humans play the role of the largest animals.
4.	With the development of economy and technology ,more and more people come to realize that the contact between countries has become more and more closely frequent. Nowadays almost everyone knows Coca-cola, and when we want to pursue all aspects of all-around development, we can't avoid staying in contact with other countries. So globalization has become a unstoppable trend. Different people have different point of views. Some people believe that globalization is a good thing ,because they enjoy the convenience and quality life globalization brings, whereas others argue that the developed countries are the only beneficiaries of globalization，and the developing countries in the course of globalization suffered a series of environmental pollution problems. Globalization is a double-edged sword.

ex5.
1.	I have a best friend called Susan. We often go to school and go home together, just like sisters. She likes English very much and actually she is good at it. So, If I have a question of English, I will turn to her for help. She is very helpful. She also does well in singing and dancing. Everytime there is a party, she will give us a wonderful show. This is my good friend, kind, excent and helpful.
2.	The City Mouse and the Country Mouse 
Once there were two mice. They were friends. One mouse lived in the country; the other mouse lived in the city. After many years the Country mouse saw the City mouse; he said, "Do come and see me at my house in the country." So the City mouse went. The City mouse said, "This food is not good, and your house is not good. Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have nice food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city." 
The Country mouse went to the house of the City mouse. It was a very good house. Nice food was set ready for them to eat. But just as they began to eat they heard a great noise. The City mouse cried, " Run! Run! The cat is coming!" They ran away quickly and hid. 
After some time they came out. When they came out, the Country mouse said, "I do not like living in the city. I like living in my hole in the field. For it is nicer to be poor and happy, than to be rich and afraid." 
3.	When talking, watching someone else's eyes is a courtesy. First of all, when you talk to him when you do not look at him, he will think you do not care about him. At the same time, if you are talking to me but looking at him, I will not know who you are talking to. Secondly, when you talk to someone else, your eyes can help you express your emotions. Finally, watching someone else's eyes is a frank expression.
4.	Qingming Festival has a lot of delicious unique food. First of all，Sweet Green Rice Balls are a popular Qingming food, which are made of a mixture of glutinous rice powder and green vegetable juice, and stuffed with sweetened bean paste. It tastes sweet, very sticky, very tasty. Qingming cakes are called sazi or hanju . They are a crispy fried food, made of wheat flour or glutinous rice flour, eggs, sesame, onion, salt, and other ingredients. It is also one of Qingming Festival's food. Finally, there is Park Seed Cake in Qingming Festival. Park seed cake is light green, taste very sweet. It is said that eating the seed cake can also Park solution heat accumulation, in addition to disease.


ex6
Addicted to watching TV is not good for life
With the development of science and technology, watching TV has become the first choice for youth entertainment. Although most people like to watch TV, but excessive indulgence watching TV will destroy life. First, the television made us ignore the family. At home we are too much watching TV, ignoring the exchange between family members, the family lacks the time to chat together. Second, television makes us spend more time reading and learning. Children are more willing to watch TV than reading books. Third, the TV will hurt our body. Many people watch TV see late, affect work and affect physical health. Long time watching TV will have an impact on the eyes, many children because of watching TV led to wear glasses. Finally, watching TV made us reduce social opportunities. So, please control the time to watch TV.



The wind like naughty child, the rapid running with. From time to time to stop here.
Girl's smile like a blooming flowers, beautiful youth.

ex7
1.	The weather is fine today, so I'm going to take my son for a picnic. Forest suddenly ran out of a deer, it crashed my car. My son burst into tears, because he was scared deer. So I stopped the car, in order to coax my son.
2.	My favorite photograph of Man Ray's work is "tears." First of all, is a big close-up picture to bring us the visual impact: the shape of the beautiful two big eyes, sentimental wistful eyes, rolling shiny tears. Second, we are on the emotions of the association, wonderful close-up summary of the rich content. In fact, Manley in order to achieve such a strong artistic effect, also broke the traditional "truthful record" approach. In order to highlight the tears, he did not really to shoot tears, but to find five crystal beads to drop the ball, cloth light shot down, but also moving than the real tears, beautiful. This is a bold exploration Man Ray, is his creation features.
3.	I think that fashion is a trend, when our eyes are stunning boutique attracted, when our hearts are occupied colorful odd thing, when our body and consciousness are urgently want to find it has it, we are in chase fashion, that is, to beautify our lives, our lives embellishment. Everyone has the right to pursue fashion Dress up your own. In fact, sometimes we can look seriously careful fashion. They do no harm, but it can also allow us a greater understanding of the epidemic. Better to improve the level of self-appreciation.
4.	I would like to visit France. As most of the travellers know, France is a very attractive country. I would like to appreciate travellers to visit there not only because of its beautiful scene, and also the fantastic food. I do not interested in countries such as Iraq and Thiland. Due to the recent wars and social turmoil, it is quite unsafe to travel to these countries. Normally i take air-plane to travel. Thus, i think air-plane is the best way for people to travel around the world. Furthermore, it saves a lot of time and strength for me.
