Opinion
1. 
I prefer to eat at home, although the outside to eat more convenient.Eat at home can be in addition to increase the cooking, but also to pick their own ingredients and can handle the clean,But also for their own cooking dishes will not be too picky.After all, is their own will inevitably cook their own standards will not be too high,But the focus is to eat healthy and safe.
2. 
closing your mind and close your nose  step by step. There is no oxygen here, no  breathe, no continuation of life. You will feel the precious breath, the precious life, the meaning of living.

PERSON
1. Albert Einstein
Seemingly ordinary genius,Why is there a genius in the world?Genius is often different from ordinary people,For example, primary school has learned very difficult calculus,Silently do their own thing and then invent the science,A seemingly very ordinary child has hidden you I do not know the talent,Genius will have a talented ability,But behind the genius is also reluctant to face the shadow,Because he is also a member of the invention of nuclear bombs,He invented the weapon that affected the present horror,As long as there are nuclear bullets everyone will be afraid.
2. The Frog Prince
Later that day, when the Princess was sitting at the table, something was heard coming up the marble stairs. Splish, splosh, splish splosh! The sound came nearer and nearer, and a voice cried, "Let me in, youngest daughter of the King."
3. 
Bradford: I have photos of you and men in the park.
Wilhelmina: That's ridiculous. You're not making any sense. Now, sweetheart, I just need you To say two words, "I do", and then we'll get you some pudding. 
Bradford: I do not want to hear too much excuse, we will see you in court.
good luck.
Wilhelmina: GOOD LUCK TOO stupid.
4. Egypt 
Egypt is full of mysterious symbols, From the pyramid to the Egyptian text is a mystery, To now or no one knows how the huge pyramid is built in the end. And now no one knows how the Egyptian symbolic text was invented.Mysterious pyramid filled with infinite imagination Some people died because of digging the pyramid Some people because of the pyramid into the unknowingly hung up ,Believe that everything is there is no answer to the existence.The pyramid to the present or no solution puzzle.

Week 3/27
1.
I have been to Japan,In the middle of the night will see the staggering drunk slowly walking in the street,When you see will feel very scary,So be careful in the middle of the night.
2. 
I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time.
3. 
He is not gonna die. Stay away from that damn light, Dad.
Alexis: Daniel, I am trying to help him find the light. Listen to me. 
Daniel: I do not want to hear from you,Because you simply can not find that light.
Alexis: If you do not believe you can see the window to see that light.
Daniel:Oh!no! Are you talking about the sun is light?
Alexis: So you can understand it.
Daniel:I'm crazy you're talking to me.
4.
glasses

I believe there are many kinds of glasses in the world,But my favorite wine glasses,
Because wine can be poured into the cup.We can see the color of the wine from the cup.Yes, you can see that different wines have different colors
And enjoy the end you can drink,Please believe me! The cup is really romantic.

Week 3/15
Recipe
I like to play baseball,first,it is very interesting.second,
Exercise is healthy to the body. third,Able to relieve stress, etc. 
while,When the sun will want to play baseball.Play after playing baseball also want to swim.then after the exercise is finished home late.finally I also like sports is more like baseball.

Kafka
The meaning of life is that it stops.
I am free and that is why I am lost.
Anymore who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.

Betty


Bird
I love birds
Because the bird is very cute
When I was a child wanted to be a bird
Because the birds can fly freely
Can fly to any place
Finally, It is my childhood wish

