week2/27
Learning Responsibility
      My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. It wasn't a difficult job, and it wasn't really a very interesting job. My best friend had a more exciting job.  Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00 a.m. I couldn't be late. Now on weekends I like to sleep late. I helped customers find clothes, and I kept the store neat and clean. My parents' house was very clean, too. I used the cash register and handled credit cards, so I had to be very careful. These things all taught me responsibility. Now I work in a research laboratory. I don't work with clothing anymore, but I still use that important skill I learned in my first job.
(3) Cross out the sentences that are not connected to the topic.
My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00 a.m. I couldn't be late. I helped customers find clothes, and I kept the store neat and clean. I used the cash register and handled credit cards, so I had to be very careful. These things all taught me responsibility. Now I work in a research laboratory. I don't work with clothing anymore, but I still use that important skill I learned in my first job.
(4)Which additional sentences could be connected to the paragraph? Write C (connected)or U (unconnected).
a. I answered the phone and opened the mail.(C)
b. On weekdays I did my homework for school.(U)
c. I once worked delivering pizza, too.(U)
d.  I learned how to choose and order new clothing.(C)
e. Dressing neatly and professionally was an important part of the job.(C)
f. A lab assistant is a good job for me.(C)
g. In the future, I would like to take some business trips.(U)
Mode- Reception
3) L’Amanda: Why are you in here?
Betty: Oh, I’m cleaning out my desk. I got fired.
L’Amanda: Rough. Sugarstick know?
Betty: No, actually, I haven't told him.
L’Amanda: Oh,well, I may have a shot. Men like a woman with a job.
Betty:Oh no! I think Sugarstick is not the one .
L’Amanda: I suggest you find a new job . 
Suarez home
6) Ignacio:  I'm so sorry. I know how much this job meant to you.
Betty:  It's okay, Dad. I'm okay.
Ignacio: Give me Daniel’s number. I'll tell him the only reason you lied to him about Wilhelmina’s affair was to get me home from Mexico.
Betty:  Dad, no. Look, it’s probably all for the best.
Ignacio:Well!Good for you ,Honey.

Interests
I always follow the Korea variety show every week.Korean variety show is very attract to me because it's very funny.Every week has different guests and missions.
Everyone in the program has a different character.When I'm sad or bored,Korea variety show is my source of happiness.

Week 3/15
(1)recipe
Omurice
Ingredients
1 chicken thigh
1 small onion
1Tbsp butter
1 tsp oil
2 cups cooked rice
1/4 tsp salt
pepper
3 Tbsp ketchup
1/4 cup frozen green peas
egg crepe
2 eggs
salt
1 tsp oil

First,cut chicken thigh into 1" pieces. Cut onion finely.Melt butter and add oil in a frying pan at medium heat. Add chicken and cook for 1-2 minutes. Add onion and cook until onion becomes translucent. Second,add cooked rice and cook mixing for 2 minutes. Season rice with salt and pepper. Make room in the frying pan and add ketchup. Cook only ketchup for 30 seconds to cook it down. Mix rice and ketchup and fry together for 1-2 minutes. Then add frozen peas and cook some more. Place half of the ketchup rice into a rice bowl or similar kind of bowl, pack lightly, and unmold on a plate. Make another one.Finally,Beat eggs and a pinch of salt together. Heat frying pan with 1/2 tsp oil. Pour 1/2 of egg mixture onto hot frying pan and make a crepe-like thin round egg sheet. Cover molded rice with egg sheet to form an oval shape. Repeat one more time.

(2) Franz Kafka
When I was a high school student, I always expected to eat dinner my mom cooked after school. When I am a College student, I always buy dinner by myself .Now when I eat dinner, I miss dinner my mom cooked so much .

(3)
(4)interests
K-pop (abbreviation of Korean pop) is a music genre originating in South Korea that is characterized by a wide variety of audiovisual elements. Although it comprises all genres of "popular music" within South Korea, the term is more often used in a narrower sense to describe a modern form of South Korean pop music covering a range of styles and genres incorporated from the West such as Western pop music, rock, jazz, hip-hop, R&B, reggae, folk, country, and classical on top of its traditional Korean music roots.

Week3/22
(1)my favorite place to relax:
When I feel tired, I think GuanZiling is the best place to relax. Guanziling is known for its mud springs. And although it might look a little muddy and gross, the particles are actually quite fine and when you soak in it, it doesn't feel sandy or gritty at all. When you go to hot spring with your friend or family, you can enjoying it while chatting . After that, you can feel so warm.
(2)Charles Dickens:
1.The baby is like a angel when she smiled at me, let me feel heartwarming.
2.Fear is like a wall in our mind.When we want to overcome it,but we can't climb the wall.  
(3)Betty:
Daniel and Alexis stay with their father.Daniel tells his father stay away from that damn light,but Alexis is trying to help his father find the light.Actually Alexis is not help his father.
(4)paragraph :
I recently got hooked on a Korean drama,it called"Strong Woman Do Bong-soon".Do Bong-soon is a strong woman.She was born with superhuman strength.Her strength is hereditary and passed along only to the women in her family.Her dream is to create a video game with herself as the main character.Now she is  a employee in main actor's company. I really hope they are fall in love with each other.

Week 3/29
(1)My neighbor
My neighbor was my classmate in junior high. He is very strong and friendly. We have known each other for ten years. When we were junior high school student, we always went out to play together after school. Now he is a military school student, we can only contact on weekends. Last weekend he came up here to Taipei and visit me. We went to Pak Sha Wan and Shilin Night Market by motorcycle, and left behind wonderful memories.

(2)Absulum the Reindeer Elf
He worked in the reindeer barn. He had to clean it every day and that was rather hard for it was such a dirty job to mop and slop and scour and scrape every corner, nook and cranny in that reindeer place. He had to keep the reindeer groomed. He had to give them all a bath. He had to feed them too. Cook their meals, brush their fur and fill that barn with hay and every morning when he woke he would have to do it all over again. 

(3)Betty
Claire is leaving tonight. But Alexis and Daniel want find someplace for her to hide. Claire just let them to remember they need each other. And Daniel need to know why Betty didn’t tell him about Wilhelmina’s affair.

(4)League of Legends
League of Legends is a 3D, third-person  multiplayer online battle arena video game. Players compete in matches, lasting anywhere from 20 to 60 minutes. In each game mode teams works together to achieve a victory condition, typically destroying the core building in the enemy team's base after bypassing a line of defensive structures called turrets, or towers. It’s was known for Taipei Assassins that is Season 2 World Championship in Taiwan. In the game everyone have different thing to do. It’s a good game to enhance friendship. I always play with my roommate and friend every night. And play it can let me relax. 

Week4/12
(1)I like to see a movies and play video games. 
There are so many kind of movies (e.g., comedy, action, horror, sci-fi) I prefer to see sci-fi and comedy. Last time I saw two movies in one day, it’s a good thing to relax.Because it can forget trouble for me and let me enjoy within. Playing video games with friend is a method to enhance friendship, we can communicate with each other and in each game mode teams works together to achieve a victory condition.How do movies, television or video games influence people's behavior? I think everyone needs at least one hobby, something that is enjoyable and relaxing after a hard day’s work.
(2)
1.Our countenance is like a language, people can through it to know what are we  thinking.
2.3C products is like air, I can’t live without it. 

Week 5/3
(1) Car Accident (Cause and effect)
  The woman drove with her child, but they had a car accident. Because the woman was so tired, she didn’t pay attention on the road and hit a moose. A few minutes later, police was coming. The woman told to police she hit a moose and her car broke down. But police didn’t believe what she said because the moose had left.
(2) Man Ray
  He said ‘’I do not photograph nature. I photograph my visions.’’ I think his pictures are his life and he wants to tell us what he thought through his pictures.
(3)Betty 
  Betty is not good at fashion, but she is good at writing. She asks Daniel, does he have non- fashion related assignments for her? Daniel tells her about fashion magazine. And Betty wants to know how to write a press release is useful anywhere.
(4)Get up early 
  Get up early is a good habit. We can enjoy the morning time and go to school on time. But get up early is difficult to me. Because I like to use smart phone to see video before I sleep, I always get up too late. How to change my bad habits? I think don’t use smart phone before I sleep and set a lot of alarm clocks are good ideal for me, so I don’t worry my schedule was disrupted.


