---Week Three---
1)Present
  My brother gave me a jacket at my birthday.
  He gave me the jacket because I am lazy to buy new clothes ,and I am so happy to received.
  The jacket that my brother gave me is cool ,and I really like it .
  But it’s a little small.

2)
  1.The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself.
  2.explore.dream.discover.
  3.Give every day the chance to become the most beautiful of your life.

3)Betty
    He love his father even if his father never have gotten his or approval
    They never said about love ,but he knew his father was just shy in expression .

4)
  Coldplay, the most famous Britpop band in the world, will perform in Taoyuan, and I look forward to it for a long time.


---Week Four---
1)Recipe
  Assorted  fried  noodles
	Assorted  fried  noodles is easy and delicious when you feel hungry at night .Fist cook the vegetable, if  you want, you also can at some pork. Next, add and boil some water, and heat the noodles. Finally, add an egg and a little soy sauce, maybe you can slice some  chili or  garlic if you want spicy. When the egg is half cooked, put the vegetable an noodles into a  bowl,  serve it with some freshly parsley on top. Now you can enjoy your delicious assorted  fried  noodles.
 

2)When
   When the music start, the couple are crying and holding each other.

3)Betty
  3.Ignacio say he is putting away some clothes and got tired. But after he say, he revealing 
Flaws. Yoga is really bad at hiding. Hilda is shock and ask about her. Claire is unbelievable and say Yoga is the worst fugitive in the world.

4)How take the MRT
	There are many kinds of transportations, and all of them are comfortable and convenient to get to anywhere in Taipei. The MRT is one of. When you go to the MRT, the first, you need to use  your “Easycard”  to pass entrance. If you don’t have  “Easycard” , you can buy the ticket. Then,  check where you want to go and wait for the  MRT. Next, when the MRT approach, you are ready enjoy your 
journey. Finally, when you arrival your destination, you finish your MRT journey. 

---Week Five---

1)	Place
When it’s simply nice at night, I love to go any beautiful night scene.
I ride my scooter to the mountain with my friends, and we watch the night view that is the light of the city. It’s really shiny likes s sky full of stars, but it’s quiet likes s silent. When you take a deep breath in there, you feel so fresh and comfortable. We always watch and chat period of time before we go to eat some food.

2)	Charles Dickens
It was the voice of the singer that the high pitch clear and the low pitch vigorous.

3)	Betty
	  It’s really hard to say love to his father from Daniel. He try to say, but he doesn’t succeed finally. His father is shy to do this, too. But, when Daniel go away, his father say ‘I love you, Daniel’ in whispers.



4)	Home
After a busy day, I feel tired and tight. When I go home, I feel warm like summer’s light. It likes a haven that block off all of the wind and waves. It’s also relaxing in there.


---Week Six---

1)	Coldplay
	Coldplay, the most popular of the Britpop in the word, is my favorite band. There are a singer, a guitarist, a bass and a drummer in the band. They have seven albums, won seven Grammy Award and MTV Video Music Awards. They also participate many charity events. Now, they are going to a tour of the world, and I will go to join them!


2)      English language children's story


3)      Betty
	Claire rather spend the rest of her life in jail than give up the chance to see her husband one last time. Alexis want to go with her, but Claire refuse. Claire want go to see her husband by herself.

 
