This is the page for VivianBlog!
Week 2/20
1)          Hello! My name is Vivian, originary is from Taichung, and I'm a fresh man in University. I studied Department of Hospitality management in my high school, we learned some food and beverage course. And I participated in the 45th Taiwan skills competition. I got second achievement in 2014. So I can have chance to come NTUST, it's really a big turning point in my life, because I didn't have to come here at first. So it's I want to share with you in my past.

2)          Betty Suarez is a ordinary and unfashionable young women in the movie, choose to increase her work experience in the harsh fashion magazine department. But she was rejected by the man from the first interview, I think it that she didn't look well like the other women so she wasn't success.
Week 2/27
1)          My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. It wasn't a difficult job, and it wasn't really a very interesting job. Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00 a.m. I couldn't be late.I helped customers find clothes, and I kept the store neat and clean. I used the cash register and handled credit cards, so I had to be very careful. These things all taught me responsibility. I don't work with clothing anymore, but I still use that important skill I learned in my first job.

2)          My first job was as a sales clerk in a small clothing shop. It wasn't a difficult job, and it wasn't really a very interesting job. Every weekend I had to open the store at 10:00 a.m. I couldn't be late. Now on weekends I like to sleep late. I helped customers find clothes, dressing neatly and professionally was also an important part of the job. It's all let me learned how to choose and order new clothing. And I kept the store neat and clean. I used the cash register and handled credit cards, so I had to be very careful. These things all taught me responsibility. Now I work in a research laboratory, a lab assistant is a good job for me. I don't work with clothing anymore, but I still use that important skill I learned in my first job. In the future, I would like to take some business trips.
Week 3/06
1)A Special Present For My Sister
          When my sister was 20 years old, she received a perfect present from her boyfriend.My
sister have never been abroad.Then 20 years old is a important number in life.So, her boyfriend planed to have a trip to Japan with her as a birthday present.He saved a part of money about his salary for a several months.Until two week before my sister birthday,he finally has enough money to paid for their travel expenses.And he also bought a tickets to come as commitment.When my sister knew,she is very surprise but she also mad.Because she think this money was he hard to earned.Is it in order to have a trip for her? But I thought y sister was very happy,and they are love each other very much.

2)Prepare A Present For My Friend
          Last year,I prepared a present for my best friend 18 birthday.I made a dinner by myself,I
bought the fresh food and cooked it. It was’t easy because it took me a long time to deal with those livestock.But I still done it! Then my friend was very surprise, she thought it was very delicious and nice.Because made a dinner wasn’t a easy deal and knew what kind of food was she like to eat. She felt very happy about what I made for her that time.

3)Mark Twain quotes
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure. 
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.

4)Have A New Family Member
          Last Saturday,my friend her dog has a baby.The little puppies was born.Both me and my brothers wanted to keep a pet.Then we asked my mom to agree with it.After mom has some consideration,she finally agreed!So our new family member is a little puppy.He was born less than a month,so he is very small, just like a baby.I’m really happy to have a dog, because I love
animals and I think they are do cute.
          
Week 3/15
1)Recipe
          Let me tell you how to make the best brownies.First preheat oven to 350 degrees F, Grease and flour an 8-inch square pan.Second,in a large saucepan, melt 1/2 cup butter. Remove from heat, and stir in sugar, eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat in 1/3 cup cocoa, 1/2 cup flour, salt, and baking powder. Spread batter into prepared pan.Third,bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Do not overcook.The last step is to make frosting: Combine 3 tablespoons softened butter, 3 tablespoons cocoa, honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, and 1 cup confectioners' sugar. Stir until smooth. After that,frost brownies while they are still warm. Finally,you can get the sweetest dessert for your afternoon tea time.

2)when…
          When meeting new people all around the world, it’s absolutely the best part of every journey. 

3)something-process paragraph
          Step-by-step DIY to make a Faux Mercury Glass.First,wash glass votive or vase with soap and water. Spray water on inside of glass.	While still wet, lightly spray inside of glass with mirrorlike spray paint. Holding onto the outside of the glass, swirl the paint around the inside until the entire interior is coated.The last step,place glass upside down on newspaper or a paper plate; let dry. Repeat process with water and paint four to five times or until satisfied with the effect.That done the beauty and useful living thing. 

Week 03/29
Person
1)
          Joy is one of  important friend in my life. I met her when I was in high school, we have become best friend since then. She is a friendly and humor person and both of us is gemini girl, so we really know each other. If I have big problem or need to make a decision,I’ll ask her and she always give some good opinion to me. We stay together for 6 years and we have contact with each other until now. I also go out with her last weekend. Now,we studied in different country, although we can’t meet very often but we don’t forget the person who will stay with you matter what.
2) ― E.B. White, Charlotte's Web
“After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die.” 

“You have been my friend. That in itself is a tremendous thing. I wove my webs for you because I liked you. After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die. A spider's life can't help being something of a mess, with all this trapping and eating flies. By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my life a trifle. Heaven knows anyone's life can stand a little of that.” 

“What do you mean less than nothing? I don't think there is any such thing as less than nothing. Nothing is absolutely the limit of nothingness. It's the lowest you can go. It's the end of the line. How can something be less than nothing? If there were something that was less than nothing, then nothing would not be nothing, it would be something - even though it's just a very little bit of something. But if nothing is nothing, then nothing has nothing that is less than it is.” 

3)Betty

4) 
          I think most of people like travel.It can let people relax and relieve the stress.Just like why the company have to hold the incentive tour for their employee or family travel and also the backpackers. 
There are many ways of spending free time.One of them is traveling. Certainly, it has its pros and cons.Advantage of traveling is visiting interesting places and meeting new people.It is connected with getting to know other cultures and traditions which is surely valuable. Secondly, it is usually said that journeys educate, so whilst traveling as well as exploration we can make our knowledge wider.Also we become more experienced and ready to cope with surrounding world if we learn something while being in journey. Futhermore, traveling is the best solution for those of us who suffer from boredom or want to get away from? grey reality?Journeys give to people a little fun and also make dreams come true.

Week 4/12
(1)How do movies, television or video games influence people's behavior? 
     When we see movies or television, we're not just seeing but thinking. They sometimes give us some ideas which we never know in our life, and these ideas change us behavior unconsciously. We want to feel real love after seeing the romantic film, and it's not a big deal. But when we see violent film and just receive the violent element, we may do something that hurts people. To avoid it happen, we must examine the ideas that we receive from movies, and try to reflect on what we see. After all we must control our thought and behavior rather than be controlled by movies or others.

(2)Haruki Murakami
My life is chaos, and there is too many choice I can choose. So I confused, and choose to do nothing.
Socrates says know thyself, and I agree with it. But I don't know myself because I'm afraid to face up my problem.
